This contract is not fake
I've worked with George before.
This official seal belongs to George, you can't be wrong
You bastard
Can you still know the authenticity of George's official seal?
Can't confront
In case they find out
The Soviet Union as a down payment daughter
My position is not guaranteed
Oops, what did I think it was?
Song Nianyi
Before seducing South Industries to become CEO
Now I don't know who's sleeping with Qiao's
Got this contract
Hey, the head of the Qiao family is getting old
You still have a mouth
aunt
I don't know what you did to get the referral.
Believe but since you want to play
I will accompany you to the end
That's how you talk to Director An
It seems that you don't need to participate in this project either.
Take it as an apology for the president's wife
It turns out that there are still so many beads in front of you
Hate me for pulling you out all at once
Good idea.
Since Director An likes this activity so much
Hopefully at the Joe's meeting the day after tomorrow
Do not be disturbed
This sentence should be what I said to you, right?
Send you to the meeting safely